hey guys Larry from the electric I
wanted to show you a new fixture we're
putting in for our customer let's say
induction bolt and this is stand of 250
watt metal halide which is just warming
up your strength time here is about its
instantaneous but it warms up in about
30 seconds
so you basically got instant light
versus a gas lamp the induction bulb
here they've used 100 watts less this is
150 watt induction bulb this is a 250
watt metal halide bulb and it's a
hundred thousand our lifetime on this
the Berenstain side it is a little
electronic ballast very easy to maintain
a lot more life out of this approp
ahkamaat light versus the HID lighting
here again there's a 250 watt metal
halide bowl and it's that gas inside the
arc tube there so it takes a while to
they have big bulky ballast in them they
were basically you know not too fun to
work on pretty easy but I thought some
challenges telling when the agent IV
lighting here is very simple you drop
this it's covered down it's got a little
tiny ballast in here electronic and
that's about all there is to it and then
obviously the bulbs what happens here
there's some two little gray arms
there's one there and one there
creates a magnetic field which juice is
counting through the light so it's the
electrons and everything gets nice and
bright a hundred thousand our lifespan
on this guy versus 250 watt metal halide
fixture about twenty twenty-five
thousand so it's three times as much
long-lasting we don't have to worry
about renting one of these guys to lift
and you know the ballast to last just as
long or these ballast here the bulb of
the ballast is bad after all
twenty twenty five thousand working
hours so it's a lot more energy
efficient cost-effective wise we don't
have to come out here you know to
service all these lights all the time so
for the customer it's a great investment
so I'm just talking to a little bit on
HID lighting this noon a Chinese
lighting fixture we're putting in
hopefully we're going to do the rest up
here there's 20 of them all together and
we put one in here for the board and see
if they like it and hopefully they look
it's going to save 100 watts per fixture
and again it's three times the lifespan
of a regular 250 watt metal halide
and its nominal voltage - so this thing
can go from 120 to 277 these lights
currently have our 277 volt hookup but
you know you just have three wires a
black white and green and the balance
will take whatever voltage you give to
it up to 277 volts okay guys so just a
little update garrulous of lighting and
it's a new technology and things working
great it's nice and bright it's really
bright I mean I'm squinting at it don't
look too bright for the camera I'm
literally just pointing at it it's a
pretty cloudy day and it's really nice
and bright I'm very impressed with it
okay guys so thanks for watching and our
little informational not metal halide
versus a new induction bulb lighting and
again new induction bulb it's probably
one step below LED this fixture here is
about six hundred bucks
we brought the whole fixture we didn't
retrofit any fixes because it needs a
bolt pretty big verses that folks and
couldn't we retrofit anything so they
just bought the whole picture I changed
it for building them alright thanks for
watching